[Music]
Hey
what where am I what's happened to me I
was lying in some ditch with rain
pouring all over me and without any clue
of how I ended up there I couldn't move
all my limbs felt stiff as if I'd lain
in that place for days my senses also
failed me everything around was blurry
and the sounds I heard were so faint I
couldn't make out any of them it took me
a while until I was finally able to look
around me I saw that the ditch wasn't
too big
barely a couple of feet deep and maybe a
foot and a half wide
but it was really long little by little
as I came to my senses I started
remembering thanks it must have been a
roadside ditch for channeling rainwater
so the sounds I heard were cars speeding
by and when I thought about that it
pierced me like a needle through the
heart I saw a flash of bright light a
screech a sharp pang and then blackness
I shuddered and strained my memory to
try and remember how it all came to this
and slowly I started remembering my life
before this miserable moment
I used to have a friend Adam
we were best buds more like family
really he always took me with him
wherever he went
be at school the local park or the comic
store down the road uh all the happy
times we shared I remembered once we
were out and about he was already
working part time then and of course had
me tag along with him we were going down
the street really fast turn the corner
and boom there was a huge puddle right
in front of us sure thing
we both tumbled right into it flat on
our faces even worse Adams bag got wet
and I imagine he got in big trouble for
that since he needed it for work anyway
we both just sat there and laughed at
the whole situation I always liked this
carefree light-hearted attitude he
decided to call it a day and have a good
shower once we got home he cleaned me up
too and the water felt so cold but
refreshing he went inside to change and
when he came out again he suggested we
head out to the fields the skies were
cloudless and the stars at night were so
beautiful there Adam loved gazing at
them with me
and I loved what he loved he really took
good care of me and we had the best time
together so I wondered how it all ended
like this with me lying in a ditch
unable to move and without so much as a
footprint of atoms around I needed
answers and well I got them only I was
better off not knowing it was a gloomy
day overcast and pouring Adam had a
really big job for that day he had to
take something to another town it'd be a
long road and I couldn't let my buddy go
it alone we set off in the early morning
we stayed on the shoulder of the road I
remember it all now the flash of light
was the headlights of a car whose driver
couldn't see us in the curtain of rain
hanging in the air
the tire squealed on wet asphalt but the
car couldn't stop in time there was a
thud I felt a sharp pain and then we
tumbled Adam got up on his feet swayed a
bit shot me a look full of pity and left
with the driver in his car then I
blacked out I had been there long enough
for Adam to come pick me up if he still
wanted me but he didn't I don't blame
them you know it's just I didn't think
my life would end like this
unable to do anything I lay and waited
fading in and out of consciousness
eventually the rain stopped and the Sun
came out from behind the clouds but then
I heard soft footsteps coming my way he
took me in his arms and carried me down
the road I'm not all that heavy so he
carried me easily enough but it was a
long way to the town ironically it was
that same town that neighbored Adams
where we were headed in the first place
I felt a little anxious but something
deep down inside me knew that this
stranger was rescuing me at least I
hoped at some point along the way I
passed out again when I came to I was in
some dark place and it was silent all
around I felt so scared and alone had
had been dumped somewhere again was I
wrong about that guy but as I was
mulling over these grim thoughts a door
opened behind me the light came on and I
heard those familiar footsteps the young
man went around me and came into my
field of view he started to clean me up
and heal my wounds
slowly but surely I started to feel
rejuvenated I could move my limbs and
joints I was still pretty beat up
but I was overjoyed all the same I
hadn't been wrong about this stranger he
really was going to help me it took him
a few days to really get me all fixed up
but in the end I was as good as new all
the while the guy had been talking to me
and I found out that his name was Bryant
and he delivered stuff just like my Adam
did cutter the chances right he kept
telling me how lucky he was to have
found me given that he'd recently lost
his little sidekick too I guess
sometimes the stars just align and
that's how my new life with Brian began
he takes me with him to work and we go
all around the town delivering letters
and making small talk with the nice
people I love his attitude he enjoys his
job so much
we've never parted since the day he
found me and he's always checking up on
me after a day of work to see if I'm
alright he's so caring and sensitive and
I love helping him and just being around
we've been through a lot together
already and I hope we'll stay that way
for a long time I still think about my
old buddy Adam from time to time but I
found companionship with Brian and I
don't hold any grudge for being left in
that ditch after all we've been in a
serious accident and he probably thought
I was beyond repair and since I'm just a
bicycle I guess it was easier for him to
get a new one instead of fixing me
anyway I'm happy now
and I hope Brian is okay too I'd really
like to see him again someday and say hi
I wonder if he'd recognize me though
since Brian gave me a fresh new paint
job
well it's time for the dynamic duo to
head out on our daily route I gotta go
now gonna be a busy day today thanks for
listening to my story what did you think
of it by the way let me know down in the
comments if you enjoyed this video give
it a like and share it with a friend but
hey don't go anywhere just yet there are
over two thousand more cool videos for
you to check out all you have to do is
pick the left or right video click on it
and enjoy stay on the bright side of
life